id
id

id
id
-	-
version_id
version_id

version_id
version_id
-	-
Enable PDF/A Rendition
enable_pdfa_rendition__v

Enable PDF/A Rendition
enable_pdfa_rendition__v
-	-
Include Linked References
include_linked_references__v

Include Linked References
include_linked_references__v
-	-
Product Family Group- EGT
product_family_group_egt__c

Product Family Group- EGT
product_family_group_egt__c
-	-
Visit - All Addresses Opt-Out Short Desc
visit_all_addresses_optout_short_desc__c

Visit - All Addresses Opt-Out Short Desc
visit_all_addresses_optout_short_desc__c
-	-
Lilly Distribution Contact
lilly_distribution_contact__c

Lilly Distribution Contact
lilly_distribution_contact__c
-	-
Available for Web Ordering
available_for_web_ordering__c

Available for Web Ordering
available_for_web_ordering__c
-	-
2253 Document Name
2253_document_name__c

2253 Document Name
2253_document_name__c
-	-
Department
department__c

Department
department__c
-	-
CoBrowse Content
cobrowse_content__v

CoBrowse Content
cobrowse_content__v
-	-
Source Owner
source_owner__v

Source Owner
source_owner__v
-	-
Rights Resource Type
rights_resource_type__v

Rights Resource Type
rights_resource_type__v
-	-
US Reorder Counter
us_reorder_counter__c

US Reorder Counter
us_reorder_counter__c
-	-
Event Topic
crm_event_topic__v

Event Topic
crm_event_topic__v
-	-
Reply To Name
reply_to_name__v

Reply To Name
reply_to_name__v
-	-
Expedite Pre-MLR
expedite_premlr__c

Expedite Pre-MLR
expedite_premlr__c
-	-
Production CDN URL
production_cdn_url__v

Production CDN URL
production_cdn_url__v
-	-
Reacquisition
reacquisition__c

Reacquisition
reacquisition__c
-	-
Template Document
template_document__v

Template Document
template_document__v
-	-
Total circulation purchased
total_circulation_purchased__c

Total circulation purchased
total_circulation_purchased__c
-	-
Patient Medication Guide Number
patient_medication_guide_number__c

Patient Medication Guide Number
patient_medication_guide_number__c
-	-
Claim Pertains to a
claim_pertains_to_a__c

Claim Pertains to a
claim_pertains_to_a__c
-	-
Region
region_jeff_object_lookup_test__c

Region
region_jeff_object_lookup_test__c
-	-
Lilly Privacy Ack Short Desc
fax_all_fax_numbers_short_desc__c

Lilly Privacy Ack Short Desc
fax_all_fax_numbers_short_desc__c
-	-
File Name
filename__v

File Name
filename__v
-	-
Describe other restrictions
describe_other_restrictions__c

Describe other restrictions
describe_other_restrictions__c
-	-
Publication Date
publication_date__c

Publication Date
publication_date__c
-	-
Brief Summary Number
brief_summary_number__c

Brief Summary Number
brief_summary_number__c
-	-
Is it Pre-Approved?
is_it_preapproved__c

Is it Pre-Approved?
is_it_preapproved__c
-	-
Are There Limitations?
are_there_limitations__c

Are There Limitations?
are_there_limitations__c
-	-
Detailed Audience
detailed_audience__c

Detailed Audience
detailed_audience__c
-	-
Actual Submitted Date
actual_submitted_date__v

Actual Submitted Date
actual_submitted_date__v
-	-
Source Number
source_document_number__v

Source Number
source_document_number__v
-	-
Legacy Identifier
legacy_identifier__c

Legacy Identifier
legacy_identifier__c
-	-
PMC Associated
usage_rights_associated__c

PMC Associated
usage_rights_associated__c
-	-
Content Creation Cost
content_creation_cost__v

Content Creation Cost
content_creation_cost__v
-	-
Cost Per Unit
cost_per_unit__c

Cost Per Unit
cost_per_unit__c
-	-
Rights Language
rights_language__v

Rights Language
rights_language__v
-	-
Is Data Accuracy Review Required?
is_dar_required__c

Is Data Accuracy Review Required?
is_dar_required__c
-	-
Notes
notes__v

Notes
notes__v
-	-
Embedded Viewer Page
document_host_url__v

Embedded Viewer Page
document_host_url__v
-	-
Training
crm_training__v

Training
crm_training__v
-	-
Approved User Group
approved_user_group__c

Approved User Group
approved_user_group__c
-	-
Primary Category
primary_category__c

Primary Category
primary_category__c
-	-
Subtype
subtype__v

Subtype
subtype__v
-	-
Revision Notice
revision_notice__c

Revision Notice
revision_notice__c
-	-
Contact Name
contact_name__c

Contact Name
contact_name__c
-	-
Targeted Communication Date
targeted_communication_date__c

Targeted Communication Date
targeted_communication_date__c
-	-
Allow PDF Download
allow_pdf_download__v

Allow PDF Download
allow_pdf_download__v
-	-
Secondary Category
secondary_category__c

Secondary Category
secondary_category__c
-	-
Volume
volume__c

Volume
volume__c
-	-
Leave Behind
leave_behind__c

Leave Behind
leave_behind__c
-	-
Vendor(s)
vendors__c

Vendor(s)
vendors__c
-	-
Original Approval Date
original_approval_date__c

Original Approval Date
original_approval_date__c
-	-
Contains Content Contracted via CMS/CPS?
contracted_speakeradvisor_content__c

Contains Content Contracted via CMS/CPS?
contracted_speakeradvisor_content__c
-	-
Staging CDN URL
staging_cdn_url__v

Staging CDN URL
staging_cdn_url__v
-	-
Privacy Opt-Out Short Description
privacy_optout_short_description__c

Privacy Opt-Out Short Description
privacy_optout_short_description__c
-	-
Source Country
country_of_purchase__c

Source Country
country_of_purchase__c
-	-
Lilly Internal Area 
lilly_internal_area__c

Lilly Internal Area
lilly_internal_area__c
-	-
Retirement Status Reason
retirement_status_reason__c

Retirement Status Reason
retirement_status_reason__c
-	-
CRM Product Group
crm_product_group__v

CRM Product Group
crm_product_group__v
-	-
Expedite Review
expedite_workflow__c

Expedite Review
expedite_workflow__c
-	-
Transfer of Value Short Desc
transfer_of_value_short_desc__c

Transfer of Value Short Desc
transfer_of_value_short_desc__c
-	-
Email - All Addresses Short Description
email_all_addresses_short_description__c

Email - All Addresses Short Description
email_all_addresses_short_description__c
-	-
Annotations (Claim Links)
annotations_claim__v

Annotations (Claim Links)
annotations_claim__v
-	-
EntitlementTypes
entitlementtypes__c

EntitlementTypes
entitlementtypes__c
-	-
Approval Path
approval_process__c

Approval Path
approval_process__c
-	-
Latest Source Minor Version
latest_source_minor_version__v

Latest Source Minor Version
latest_source_minor_version__v
-	-
Age
age__c

Age
age__c
-	-
Presentation Id
crm_presentation_id__v

Presentation Id
crm_presentation_id__v
-	-
Lilly Privacy Ack Opt Out Desc
fax_all_fax_numbers_opt_out_desc__c

Lilly Privacy Ack Opt Out Desc
fax_all_fax_numbers_opt_out_desc__c
-	-
Reprint Type
reprint_type__c

Reprint Type
reprint_type__c
-	-
Version Creation Date
version_creation_date__v

Version Creation Date
version_creation_date__v
-	-
Merge Fields
merge_fields__v

Merge Fields
merge_fields__v
-	-
Printed/Physical Tactic Category
printedphysical_tactic_category__c

Printed/Physical Tactic Category
printedphysical_tactic_category__c
-	-
Reply To Address
reply_to_address__v

Reply To Address
reply_to_address__v
-	-
Phone Opt-Out Short Description
phone_optout_short_description__c

Phone Opt-Out Short Description
phone_optout_short_description__c
-	-
Start Date
crm_start_date__v

Start Date
crm_start_date__v
-	-
From Address
from_address__v

From Address
from_address__v
-	-
HTML Height
engage_html_height__v

HTML Height
engage_html_height__v
-	-
Indication
indication__c

Indication
indication__c
-	-
Lifecycle Stage
stage__sys

Lifecycle Stage
stage__sys
-	-
Rights Other
rights_other__v

Rights Other
rights_other__v
-	-
Embedded Labeling
embedded_labeling1__c

Embedded Labeling
embedded_labeling1__c
-	-
Last Auto-Filed Date
binder_last_autofiled_date__v

Last Auto-Filed Date
binder_last_autofiled_date__v
-	-
Licensed Channels
media_for_usage__c

Licensed Channels
media_for_usage__c
-	-
Product Offer Description
product_offer_description__c

Product Offer Description
product_offer_description__c
-	-
Email Template Type
email_template_type__v

Email Template Type
email_template_type__v
-	-
Comments
comments__v

Comments
comments__v
-	-
Duration
file_meta_duration__v

Duration
file_meta_duration__v
-	-
SMS Opt-Out Short Description
sms_optout_short_description__c

SMS Opt-Out Short Description
sms_optout_short_description__c
-	-
Country of Origin
country_of_origin1__c

Country of Origin
country_of_origin1__c
-	-
Is Claim supported by RWE?
is_claim_supported_by_rwe1__c

Is Claim supported by RWE?
is_claim_supported_by_rwe1__c
-	-
Privacy Short Description
privacy_short_description__c

Privacy Short Description
privacy_short_description__c
-	-
Product
product__v

Product
product__v
-	-
Training Destination
lms_training_assignment__c

Training Destination
lms_training_assignment__c
-	-
Creative Owner Org
creative_owner_org__c

Creative Owner Org
creative_owner_org__c
-	-
Subject
subject__v

Subject
subject__v
-	-
Annotation (Anchors)
annotations_anchors__v

Annotation (Anchors)
annotations_anchors__v
-	-
Public Content
public_content__v

Public Content
public_content__v
-	-
Accelerated Approval Timeframe
future_submission_date__c

Accelerated Approval Timeframe
future_submission_date__c
-	-
URL
url__c

URL
url__c
-	-
Acquiring Company
acquiring_company__c

Acquiring Company
acquiring_company__c
-	-
IBU CF Production Release
ibu_cf_production_release1__c

IBU CF Production Release
ibu_cf_production_release1__c
-	-
Audience
event_audience__v

Audience
event_audience__v
-	-
Hierarchy Filter
hierarchy_filter__c

Hierarchy Filter
hierarchy_filter__c
-	-
Disable Actions
crm_disable_actions__v

Disable Actions
crm_disable_actions__v
-	-
Primary Submission
submission__v

Primary Submission
submission__v
-	-
Piece Type
piece_type__c

Piece Type
piece_type__c
-	-
Reference Source
reference_source__vs

Reference Source
reference_source__vs
-	-
Lifecycle State Stage ID
state_stage_id__sys

Lifecycle State Stage ID
state_stage_id__sys
-	-
MLR Cycle Count
mlr_cycle_count__vs

MLR Cycle Count
mlr_cycle_count__vs
-	-
Territory
territory__c

Territory
territory__c
-	-
Customer Type
customer_type__c

Customer Type
customer_type__c
-	-
Express Lane Count
express_lane_count__c

Express Lane Count
express_lane_count__c
-	-
Archived Date
archived_date__sys

Archived Date
archived_date__sys
-	-
Responsible Official 
pm_contact__v

Responsible Official
pm_contact__v
-	-
Important Safety Information Number
important_safety_information_number__c

Important Safety Information Number
important_safety_information_number__c
-	-
Template Document Type
template_doctype__v

Template Document Type
template_doctype__v
-	-
Color Space
file_meta_color_space__v

Color Space
file_meta_color_space__v
-	-
Digital Publishing
cdn_content__v

Digital Publishing
cdn_content__v
-	-
Annotation (Notes)
annotations_notes__v

Annotation (Notes)
annotations_notes__v
-	-
eWizard Link
ewizard_link__c

eWizard Link
ewizard_link__c
-	-
Item of Value
item_of_value__c

Item of Value
item_of_value__c
-	-
Source of supporting data
source_of_supporting_data1__c

Source of supporting data
source_of_supporting_data1__c
-	-
Checked Out Date
locked_date__v

Checked Out Date
locked_date__v
-	-
Overarching
overarching__c

Overarching
overarching__c
-	-
SMS Short Description
sms_short_description__c

SMS Short Description
sms_short_description__c
-	-
Periodic Review Date
review_date__c

Periodic Review Date
review_date__c
-	-
Asset License Type
asset_license_type__c

Asset License Type
asset_license_type__c
-	-
Document Status-delete
document_status__c

Document Status-delete
document_status__c
-	-
Therapeutic Area Exclusions
therapeutic_area_exclusions__c

Therapeutic Area Exclusions
therapeutic_area_exclusions__c
-	-
Related Content Display Order
crm_related_content_display_order__v

Related Content Display Order
crm_related_content_display_order__v
-	-
Secondary Brands
secondary_brands__v

Secondary Brands
secondary_brands__v
-	-
Coordinator Reason Not Ready for MLR
coordinator_reason_not_ready_for_mlr__c

Coordinator Reason Not Ready for MLR
coordinator_reason_not_ready_for_mlr__c
-	-
Contact Email
contact_email__c

Contact Email
contact_email__c
-	-
Document State
document_state__c

Document State
document_state__c
-	-
Consent Check
check_consent__v

Consent Check
check_consent__v
-	-
CLM Content
clm_content__v

CLM Content
clm_content__v
-	-
Other Approval Process
other_approval_process__c

Other Approval Process
other_approval_process__c
-	-
Initial Steady State Date
initial_steadystate_date__v

Initial Steady State Date
initial_steadystate_date__v
-	-
Approved for Distribution Date
approved_for_distribution_date__vs

Approved for Distribution Date
approved_for_distribution_date__vs
-	-
Communication Method
communication_method__c

Communication Method
communication_method__c
-	-
Material ID
material_id__v

Material ID
material_id__v
-	-
Ready for Production Date
approved_for_production_date__vs

Ready for Production Date
approved_for_production_date__vs
-	-
Phone Short Description
phone_short_description__c

Phone Short Description
phone_short_description__c
-	-
Attribution statement
attribution_statement__c

Attribution statement
attribution_statement__c
-	-
Special Notes
special_notes__c

Special Notes
special_notes__c
-	-
Transferable License
transferable_license__c

Transferable License
transferable_license__c
-	-
IC Reapproval Counter
ic_reapproval_counter__c

IC Reapproval Counter
ic_reapproval_counter__c
-	-
Link Status
link_status__v

Link Status
link_status__v
-	-
Bcc
bcc__v

Bcc
bcc__v
-	-
Is this the Main Kit component?
is_this_the_main_kit_component__c

Is this the Main Kit component?
is_this_the_main_kit_component__c
-	-
Copyright
file_meta_copyright__v

Copyright
file_meta_copyright__v
-	-
eWizard Content
ewizard_content__c

eWizard Content
ewizard_content__c
-	-
Post-Submission Doc Update Required
postsubmission_update_required__c

Post-Submission Doc Update Required
postsubmission_update_required__c
-	-
Email Domain
email_domain__v

Email Domain
email_domain__v
-	-
Document Fit
document_fit__v

Document Fit
document_fit__v
-	-
Proofreader Return to Owner
proofreader_return_to_owner__c

Proofreader Return to Owner
proofreader_return_to_owner__c
-	-
SMS - All SMS Numbers Opt-Out Short Desc
sms_all_sms_numbers_optout_short_desc__c

SMS - All SMS Numbers Opt-Out Short Desc
sms_all_sms_numbers_optout_short_desc__c
-	-
Source Vault Name
source_vault_name__v

Source Vault Name
source_vault_name__v
-	-
Distribution Location
distribution_location1__c

Distribution Location
distribution_location1__c
-	-
Checked Out By
locked_by__v

Checked Out By
locked_by__v
-	-
Initial In Review Date
initial_inreview_date__v

Initial In Review Date
initial_inreview_date__v
-	-
Proofreader Reason Not Ready for MLR
proofreader_reason_not_ready_for_mlr__c

Proofreader Reason Not Ready for MLR
proofreader_reason_not_ready_for_mlr__c
-	-
Version Created By
version_created_by__v

Version Created By
version_created_by__v
-	-
Non-Certified Vendors
noncertified_vendors__c

Non-Certified Vendors
noncertified_vendors__c
-	-
FDAMA Section 114
fdama_section_114__c

FDAMA Section 114
fdama_section_114__c
-	-
Directory
crm_directory__v

Directory
crm_directory__v
-	-
Record Class Code
record_class_code__c

Record Class Code
record_class_code__c
-	-
CRM Detail Group
crm_detail_group__v

CRM Detail Group
crm_detail_group__v
-	-
Portal Widget
portal_widget__v

Portal Widget
portal_widget__v
-	-
Communication Type
internal_audience__c

Communication Type
internal_audience__c
-	-
Purchased by
purchased_by__c

Purchased by
purchased_by__c
-	-
Kit Type
main_kit_component__c

Kit Type
main_kit_component__c
-	-
Lifecycle
lifecycle__v

Lifecycle
lifecycle__v
-	-
Detail Group
detail_group__v

Detail Group
detail_group__v
-	-
Circulation used to date
circulation_used_to_date__c

Circulation used to date
circulation_used_to_date__c
-	-
Phone - All Phone Numbers Opt-Out Short 
phone_all_phone_numbers_optout_short__c

Phone - All Phone Numbers Opt-Out Short
phone_all_phone_numbers_optout_short__c
-	-
Use China CDN
use_china_cdn__v

Use China CDN
use_china_cdn__v
-	-
Year
file_meta_year__v

Year
file_meta_year__v
-	-
Portal Tags
portal_tags__c

Portal Tags
portal_tags__c
-	-
File Last Modified By
file_modified_by__v

File Last Modified By
file_modified_by__v
-	-
Therapeutic Area Inclusions
therapeutic_area_inclusions__c

Therapeutic Area Inclusions
therapeutic_area_inclusions__c
-	-
Professional / Consumer
professional_consumer__c

Professional / Consumer
professional_consumer__c
-	-
Cycle Count NEW
cycle_count_new__c

Cycle Count NEW
cycle_count_new__c
-	-
Mail Short Description
mail_short_description__c

Mail Short Description
mail_short_description__c
-	-
Name
name__v

Name
name__v
-	-
Pages
pages__v

Pages
pages__v
-	-
Days to Approval
days_to_approval__v

Days to Approval
days_to_approval__v
-	-
Description
description__v

Description
description__v
-	-
Certification Complete
certification_complete__c

Certification Complete
certification_complete__c
-	-
Brand Review Count (PP)
brand_review_count_pp__c

Brand Review Count (PP)
brand_review_count_pp__c
-	-
Post-MLR Approval Due Date
postmlr_approval_due_date__c

Post-MLR Approval Due Date
postmlr_approval_due_date__c
-	-
Project Owner Org
project_owner_org__c

Project Owner Org
project_owner_org__c
-	-
Test (QA) Viewers
test_qa_viewers__c

Test (QA) Viewers
test_qa_viewers__c
-	-
Pages OCR'ed (%)
pages_ocred_percent__sys

Pages OCR'ed (%)
pages_ocred_percent__sys
-	-
Transparency Opt-Out Short Description
transparency_optout_short_description__c

Transparency Opt-Out Short Description
transparency_optout_short_description__c
-	-
Promotional Material Information
promotional_material_information__v

Promotional Material Information
promotional_material_information__v
-	-
iOS Resolution
ios_resolution__v

iOS Resolution
ios_resolution__v
-	-
Annotations (Approved Links)
annotations_approved__v

Annotations (Approved Links)
annotations_approved__v
-	-
Center
center_ectd__v

Center
center_ectd__v
-	-
Approved for Products
approved_for_products__c

Approved for Products
approved_for_products__c
-	-
Last Modified Date
version_modified_date__v

Last Modified Date
version_modified_date__v
-	-
CLM ID
clm_id__v

CLM ID
clm_id__v
-	-
Media Location
file_meta_location__v

Media Location
file_meta_location__v
-	-
Source Vault ID
source_vault_id__v

Source Vault ID
source_vault_id__v
-	-
Disable Vault Overlays
disable_vault_overlays__v

Disable Vault Overlays
disable_vault_overlays__v
-	-
End Date
crm_end_date__v

End Date
crm_end_date__v
-	-
General Marketing Short Description
general_marketing_short_description__c

General Marketing Short Description
general_marketing_short_description__c
-	-
Content Type
content_type__v

Content Type
content_type__v
-	-
Promotional Document Number
promotional_document_number__v

Promotional Document Number
promotional_document_number__v
-	-
Segment
crm_segment__v

Segment
crm_segment__v
-	-
Annotation (Links)
annotations_links__v

Annotation (Links)
annotations_links__v
-	-
NDA/BLA License Number
ndabla_license_number__c

NDA/BLA License Number
ndabla_license_number__c
-	-
Reapproval Date
reapproval_date__c

Reapproval Date
reapproval_date__c
-	-
Training Audience
training_audience__c

Training Audience
training_audience__c
-	-
Salesforce Filter
salesforce_filter__c

Salesforce Filter
salesforce_filter__c
-	-
Copy Depth
copy_depth__v

Copy Depth
copy_depth__v
-	-
Submission Date
submission_date__vs

Submission Date
submission_date__vs
-	-
OCR Requested
ocr_requested__sys

OCR Requested
ocr_requested__sys
-	-
Application
application__v

Application
application__v
-	-
Moment of Truth
moment_of_truth__c

Moment of Truth
moment_of_truth__c
-	-
Withdrawal Effective Date
withdrawal_effective_date__vs

Withdrawal Effective Date
withdrawal_effective_date__vs
-	-
2253 Submission Required
submission_required__vs

2253 Submission Required
submission_required__vs
-	-
CRM Product
crm_product__v

CRM Product
crm_product__v
-	-
Submission Date
submission_date__c

Submission Date
submission_date__c
-	-
Rendition Suppressed
suppress_rendition__v

Rendition Suppressed
suppress_rendition__v
-	-
Binder Locked
binder_locked__v

Binder Locked
binder_locked__v
-	-
Describe change made to project
describe_change_made_to_project__c

Describe change made to project
describe_change_made_to_project__c
-	-
Meeting Type
meeting_type__c

Meeting Type
meeting_type__c
-	-
Trackable Item
trackable_item__c

Trackable Item
trackable_item__c
-	-
SAP Number
sap_number__c

SAP Number
sap_number__c
-	-
iOS Viewer
crm_ios_viewer__v

iOS Viewer
crm_ios_viewer__v
-	-
PCI Last Valid Expiration Date
pci_last_valid_expiration_date__c

PCI Last Valid Expiration Date
pci_last_valid_expiration_date__c
-	-
Target Completion Date
target_completion_date__c

Target Completion Date
target_completion_date__c
-	-
Annotations (Auto Links)
annotations_auto__v

Annotations (Auto Links)
annotations_auto__v
-	-
Therapeutic Area Restriction(s)
therapeutic_area_restrictions1__c

Therapeutic Area Restriction(s)
therapeutic_area_restrictions1__c
-	-
Last Valid Expiration Date
last_valid_expiration_date__c

Last Valid Expiration Date
last_valid_expiration_date__c
-	-
Approximate Retail Value
approximate_retail_value__c

Approximate Retail Value
approximate_retail_value__c
-	-
Email Sub Type
email_sub_type__c

Email Sub Type
email_sub_type__c
-	-
HTML Width
engage_html_width__v

HTML Width
engage_html_width__v
-	-
Post-MLR Approval Required
is_postmlr_approval_required__c

Post-MLR Approval Required
is_postmlr_approval_required__c
-	-
Planned Retirement Date
planned_retirement_date__c

Planned Retirement Date
planned_retirement_date__c
-	-
Reason for Extension
reason_for_extension__c

Reason for Extension
reason_for_extension__c
-	-
Submission Notes
submission_notes__v

Submission Notes
submission_notes__v
-	-
Media Title
file_meta_title__v

Media Title
file_meta_title__v
-	-
Minor Version Number
minor_version_number__v

Minor Version Number
minor_version_number__v
-	-
Content Producer
content_producer__c

Content Producer
content_producer__c
-	-
Storage Status
storage_status__c

Storage Status
storage_status__c
-	-
Conversion Metric
conversion_metric__c

Conversion Metric
conversion_metric__c
-	-
Expedite MLR Readiness
expedite_mlr_readiness__c

Expedite MLR Readiness
expedite_mlr_readiness__c
-	-
Method of Dissemination
method_of_dissemination__c

Method of Dissemination
method_of_dissemination__c
-	-
SMS - All SMS Numbers Short Description
sms_all_sms_numbers_short_description__c

SMS - All SMS Numbers Short Description
sms_all_sms_numbers_short_description__c
-	-
File Last Modified Date
file_modified_date__v

File Last Modified Date
file_modified_date__v
-	-
File Created Date
file_created_date__v

File Created Date
file_created_date__v
-	-
All Vendors Privacy Certified
all_vendors_privacy_certified__c

All Vendors Privacy Certified
all_vendors_privacy_certified__c
-	-
Approved for Use Date
approved_for_use_date__c

Approved for Use Date
approved_for_use_date__c
-	-
Third party data transfer Opt-Out Short 
third_party_data_transfer_optout_short__c

Third party data transfer Opt-Out Short
third_party_data_transfer_optout_short__c
-	-
CRM Org
crm_org__v

CRM Org
crm_org__v
-	-
Claim is intended to be used:
when_will_claim_be_used_in_the__c

Claim is intended to be used:
when_will_claim_be_used_in_the__c
-	-
Timing
timing__c

Timing
timing__c
-	-
Search by Keyword
crm_keyword__v

Search by Keyword
crm_keyword__v
-	-
Other Restrictions on Usage
other_restrictions_on_usage__c

Other Restrictions on Usage
other_restrictions_on_usage__c
-	-
Campaign
campaign__vs

Campaign
campaign__vs
-	-
ARCC Category
arcc_category__c

ARCC Category
arcc_category__c
-	-
Restrict Fragments by Product
restrict_fragments_by_product__v

Restrict Fragments by Product
restrict_fragments_by_product__v
-	-
EGT Test new name 3
egt_test_field__c

EGT Test new name 3
egt_test_field__c
-	-
Bound Source Major Version
bound_source_major_version__v

Bound Source Major Version
bound_source_major_version__v
-	-
Authors
authors__vs

Authors
authors__vs
-	-
Communication Recipient
communication_recipient__c

Communication Recipient
communication_recipient__c
-	-
Keywords
file_meta_keywords__v

Keywords
file_meta_keywords__v
-	-
Export File Name
export_filename__v

Export File Name
export_filename__v
-	-
Last Auto-Filed By
binder_last_autofiled_by__v

Last Auto-Filed By
binder_last_autofiled_by__v
-	-
Message/Topic
messagetopic__c

Message/Topic
messagetopic__c
-	-
Launch Material Type
launch_material_type__v

Launch Material Type
launch_material_type__v
-	-
Jeff Object Test
jeff_object_test__c

Jeff Object Test
jeff_object_test__c
-	-
Visit - All Addresses Short Description
visit_all_addresses_short_description__c

Visit - All Addresses Short Description
visit_all_addresses_short_description__c
-	-
Proofreader Reason for Not Approved
proofreader_reason_for_rejected__c

Proofreader Reason for Not Approved
proofreader_reason_for_rejected__c
-	-
Created Date
document_creation_date__v

Created Date
document_creation_date__v
-	-
Certification Reapproval Due Date
certification_reapproval_due_date__c

Certification Reapproval Due Date
certification_reapproval_due_date__c
-	-
Countries Excluded
geographies_excluded__c

Countries Excluded
geographies_excluded__c
-	-
CRM Media Type
crm_media_type__v

CRM Media Type
crm_media_type__v
-	-
Third party data transfer Short Descript
third_party_data_transfer_short_descript__c

Third party data transfer Short Descript
third_party_data_transfer_short_descript__c
-	-
Reapproval Count
reapproval_count__c

Reapproval Count
reapproval_count__c
-	-
Mail Opt-Out Short Description
mail_optout_short_description__c

Mail Opt-Out Short Description
mail_optout_short_description__c
-	-
Regulatory Number
regulatory_number__c

Regulatory Number
regulatory_number__c
-	-
Quality Sensitive
quality_sensitive__c

Quality Sensitive
quality_sensitive__c
-	-
HCP Benefit
hcp_benefit__c

HCP Benefit
hcp_benefit__c
-	-
xRegion
xregion__c

xRegion
xregion__c
-	-
Usage Rights Expiration Date
usage_rights_expiration_date__c

Usage Rights Expiration Date
usage_rights_expiration_date__c
-	-
ARCC
arcc__c

ARCC
arcc__c
-	-
Migration Date
migration_date1__c

Migration Date
migration_date1__c
-	-
Language
language__v

Language
language__v
-	-
Ethnicity
ethnicity__c

Ethnicity
ethnicity__c
-	-
Permission Type
usage_rights_subtype__c

Permission Type
usage_rights_subtype__c
-	-
FTP Source Location
ftp_source_location__v

FTP Source Location
ftp_source_location__v
-	-
Workflow expedited?
workflow_expedited__c

Workflow expedited?
workflow_expedited__c
-	-
Self Checkout Count
self_checkout_count__c

Self Checkout Count
self_checkout_count__c
-	-
Submission Response Received
submission_response_received__c

Submission Response Received
submission_response_received__c
-	-
Is it Pending Launch?
is_it_preapproved1__c

Is it Pending Launch?
is_it_preapproved1__c
-	-
Testing CB
testing_cb__c

Testing CB
testing_cb__c
-	-
Usage Right Expiration
usage_right_expiration__c

Usage Right Expiration
usage_right_expiration__c
-	-
Audience
audience__vs

Audience
audience__vs
-	-
Social Media Channel
social_media_channel__c

Social Media Channel
social_media_channel__c
-	-
WeChat Content
wechat_content_wec__v

WeChat Content
wechat_content_wec__v
-	-
Primary Category_NEW
primary_category_new__c

Primary Category_NEW
primary_category_new__c
-	-
Intern HCP Visit Short Description
intern_hcp_visit_short_description__c

Intern HCP Visit Short Description
intern_hcp_visit_short_description__c
-	-
Shareable In WeChat
shareable_in_wechat_wec__v

Shareable In WeChat
shareable_in_wechat_wec__v
-	-
Quality Impact
quality_impact__c

Quality Impact
quality_impact__c
-	-
Storage ID
storage_id__c

Storage ID
storage_id__c
-	-
Media Comments
file_meta_comments__v

Media Comments
file_meta_comments__v
-	-
Branding
branding__c

Branding
branding__c
-	-
FDA Code
fda_code__c

FDA Code
fda_code__c
-	-
Country Licensed for Use
country_licensed_for_use__c

Country Licensed for Use
country_licensed_for_use__c
-	-
Intern HCP Visit Opt Out Desc
intern_hcp_visit_opt_out_desc__c

Intern HCP Visit Opt Out Desc
intern_hcp_visit_opt_out_desc__c
-	-
Secondary Brands Application
secondary_brands_application__v

Secondary Brands Application
secondary_brands_application__v
-	-
Allow Source Download
allow_source_download__v

Allow Source Download
allow_source_download__v
-	-
Bulk Action Identifier
bulk_action_identifier__c

Bulk Action Identifier
bulk_action_identifier__c
-	-
Accelerated Approval Product
accelerated_approval_product__c

Accelerated Approval Product
accelerated_approval_product__c
-	-
Distribution Contact Name
contact__c

Distribution Contact Name
contact__c
-	-
Prescribing Information Number
prescribing_information_number__c

Prescribing Information Number
prescribing_information_number__c
-	-
CustomerTypes
customertypes__c

CustomerTypes
customertypes__c
-	-
Country Code Jeff Test
country_code_jeff_test__c

Country Code Jeff Test
country_code_jeff_test__c
-	-
Withdrawal Reason
reason_for_withdrawal__vs

Withdrawal Reason
reason_for_withdrawal__vs
-	-
Submission Complete
submission_complete__c

Submission Complete
submission_complete__c
-	-
Is Latest Version
latest_version__v

Is Latest Version
latest_version__v
-	-
Approved Date
approved_date__c

Approved Date
approved_date__c
-	-
Classification
classification__v

Classification
classification__v
-	-
Migration Date for Claim
migration_date__c

Migration Date for Claim
migration_date__c
-	-
General Marketing Opt-Out Short Descript
general_marketing_optout_short_descript__c

General Marketing Opt-Out Short Descript
general_marketing_optout_short_descript__c
-	-
ConsentTypes
consenttypes__c

ConsentTypes
consenttypes__c
-	-
Secondary Sub Category
secondary_sub_category__c

Secondary Sub Category
secondary_sub_category__c
-	-
Artist
file_meta_artist__v

Artist
file_meta_artist__v
-	-
Title
title__v

Title
title__v
-	-
Review Meeting Type
review_meeting_type__c

Review Meeting Type
review_meeting_type__c
-	-
Post-MLR Approvers
postmlr_approvers__c

Post-MLR Approvers
postmlr_approvers__c
-	-
Submitted for Variation Review?
submitted_for_variation_review__c

Submitted for Variation Review?
submitted_for_variation_review__c
-	-
Pre-MLR Approvers
premlr_approvers__c

Pre-MLR Approvers
premlr_approvers__c
-	-
Annotation (Unresolved)
annotations_unresolved__v

Annotation (Unresolved)
annotations_unresolved__v
-	-
Planned Date of First Use
planned_date_of_first_use__vs

Planned Date of First Use
planned_date_of_first_use__vs
-	-
Document Version Link
version_link__sys

Document Version Link
version_link__sys
-	-
Duration of Use
duration_of_usage_rights1__c

Duration of Use
duration_of_usage_rights1__c
-	-
Phone - All Phone Numbers Short Descript
phone_all_phone_numbers_short_descript__c

Phone - All Phone Numbers Short Descript
phone_all_phone_numbers_short_descript__c
-	-
Days to Enter Review
days_to_enter_review__v

Days to Enter Review
days_to_enter_review__v
-	-
From Name
from_name__v

From Name
from_name__v
-	-
Circulation Media
circulation_media__c

Circulation Media
circulation_media__c
-	-
CRM Content Channel
crm_content_channel__v

CRM Content Channel
crm_content_channel__v
-	-
Tactic Type
tactic_type__c

Tactic Type
tactic_type__c
-	-
Anticipated Retirement Date
pending_retirement_date__c

Anticipated Retirement Date
pending_retirement_date__c
-	-
Target Go-Live Date
target_golive_date__c

Target Go-Live Date
target_golive_date__c
-	-
Pack Size
pack_size__c

Pack Size
pack_size__c
-	-
Rendition Black Listed
rendition_black_list_flag__v

Rendition Black Listed
rendition_black_list_flag__v
-	-
Storage Location
storage_location__c

Storage Location
storage_location__c
-	-
Content Creation Currency
content_creation_currency__v

Content Creation Currency
content_creation_currency__v
-	-
Expiration Date
expiration_date__vs

Expiration Date
expiration_date__vs
-	-
Inventory Location(s)
inventory_location__c

Inventory Location(s)
inventory_location__c
-	-
Permission Managed Content
usage_rights__c

Permission Managed Content
usage_rights__c
-	-
Other Recipient
other_recipient__c

Other Recipient
other_recipient__c
-	-
Sequence Number
sequence_number__c

Sequence Number
sequence_number__c
-	-
Available for Use Date
available_for_use_date__c

Available for Use Date
available_for_use_date__c
-	-
Withdrawal Notes
withdrawal_notes__c

Withdrawal Notes
withdrawal_notes__c
-	-
Metadata
binder_metadata__v

Metadata
binder_metadata__v
-	-
User Manual Number
user_manual_number__c

User Manual Number
user_manual_number__c
-	-
Is DOF referenced?
is_dof_referenced__c

Is DOF referenced?
is_dof_referenced__c
-	-
Unique Document Number
unique_document_number__c

Unique Document Number
unique_document_number__c
-	-
Status
status__v

Status
status__v
-	-
Re-Order Count
reorder_count__c

Re-Order Count
reorder_count__c
-	-
Approved for Distribution
approved_for_distribution__c

Approved for Distribution
approved_for_distribution__c
-	-
Media Description
file_meta_media_description__v

Media Description
file_meta_media_description__v
-	-
Admin Override
admin_override__c

Admin Override
admin_override__c
-	-
Pre-MLR Approval Required
premlr_approval_required__c

Pre-MLR Approval Required
premlr_approval_required__c
-	-
Patient Prescribing Information Number
patient_prescribing_information_number__c

Patient Prescribing Information Number
patient_prescribing_information_number__c
-	-
Certified Copy
certified_copy__v

Certified Copy
certified_copy__v
-	-
Production Viewers
production_viewers__c

Production Viewers
production_viewers__c
-	-
Country Approved for Use
country__v

Country Approved for Use
country__v
-	-
Key Message
key_message__v

Key Message
key_message__v
-	-
Promotional Material ID
promotional_material_id__v

Promotional Material ID
promotional_material_id__v
-	-
Document Number
document_number__v

Document Number
document_number__v
-	-
Communication Classification
communication_classification__c

Communication Classification
communication_classification__c
-	-
CRM Territory
territory__v

CRM Territory
territory__v
-	-
Product Claim Category
claim_category__vs

Product Claim Category
claim_category__vs
-	-
Is this a Product Claim?
is_this_a_claim__c

Is this a Product Claim?
is_this_a_claim__c
-	-
Email Opt-Out Short Description
email_optout_short_description__c

Email Opt-Out Short Description
email_optout_short_description__c
-	-
General Approval?
general_approval__c

General Approval?
general_approval__c
-	-
Binder Update in Progress
is_this_binder_updated__c

Binder Update in Progress
is_this_binder_updated__c
-	-
Update Confirmation
provide_binder_update_confirmation__c

Update Confirmation
provide_binder_update_confirmation__c
-	-
ScopeDeliver TacticID
scopedeliver_tacticid__c

ScopeDeliver TacticID
scopedeliver_tacticid__c
-	-
RMA
rma__c

RMA
rma__c
-	-
Number of Reproductions
number_of_reproductions1__c

Number of Reproductions
number_of_reproductions1__c
-	-
File Created By
file_created_by__v

File Created By
file_created_by__v
-	-
Designated Branding Use
branding1__c

Designated Branding Use
branding1__c
-	-
ANSM Classification
ansm_classification__c

ANSM Classification
ansm_classification__c
-	-
HTML File Name
engage_html_filename__v

HTML File Name
engage_html_filename__v
-	-
Transfer of Value Opt Out Desc
transfer_of_value_opt_out_desc__c

Transfer of Value Opt Out Desc
transfer_of_value_opt_out_desc__c
-	-
Actual MLR Start Date
actual_mlr_start_date__vs

Actual MLR Start Date
actual_mlr_start_date__vs
-	-
Number of Review Cycles
number_of_review_cycles__v

Number of Review Cycles
number_of_review_cycles__v
-	-
IBU CF Production Release
ibu_cf_production_release__c

IBU CF Production Release
ibu_cf_production_release__c
-	-
AV Keywords
asset_description__c

AV Keywords
asset_description__c
-	-
Engage Content
engage_content__v

Engage Content
engage_content__v
-	-
CrossLink
crosslink__v

CrossLink
crosslink__v
-	-
Periodic Reviewed?
periodic_reviewed__c

Periodic Reviewed?
periodic_reviewed__c
-	-
Suggested Links
annotations_suggested__v

Suggested Links
annotations_suggested__v
-	-
Transparency Short Description
transparency_short_description__c

Transparency Short Description
transparency_short_description__c
-	-
Checked Out
locked__v

Checked Out
locked__v
-	-
One Time Use
one_time_use1__c

One Time Use
one_time_use1__c
-	-
GM Reapproval Counter
gm_reapproval_counter__c

GM Reapproval Counter
gm_reapproval_counter__c
-	-
Approval Date
approval_date__c

Approval Date
approval_date__c
-	-
Custom Reaction
crm_custom_reaction__v

Custom Reaction
crm_custom_reaction__v
-	-
Email Template Subtype
crm_template_subtype__v

Email Template Subtype
crm_template_subtype__v
-	-
Rights Channel
rights_channel__v

Rights Channel
rights_channel__v
-	-
Secondary Category
secondary_category1__c

Secondary Category
secondary_category1__c
-	-
Requested FDA Submission Date
requested_fda_submission_date__c

Requested FDA Submission Date
requested_fda_submission_date__c
-	-
Reason for Copy
copy_reason__v

Reason for Copy
copy_reason__v
-	-
Submission Date
submission_date__v

Submission Date
submission_date__v
-	-
Method of Dissemination Details
method_of_dissemination_details__c

Method of Dissemination Details
method_of_dissemination_details__c
-	-
Annotation (Lines)
annotations_lines__v

Annotation (Lines)
annotations_lines__v
-	-
Expedite Proofing
expedite_proofing__c

Expedite Proofing
expedite_proofing__c
-	-
Batch Number
batch_number__v

Batch Number
batch_number__v
-	-
Rights Contact
rights_contact__v

Rights Contact
rights_contact__v
-	-
Email - All Addresses Opt-Out Short Desc
email_all_addresses_optout_short_desc__c

Email - All Addresses Opt-Out Short Desc
email_all_addresses_optout_short_desc__c
-	-
Target Audience
target_audience__c

Target Audience
target_audience__c
-	-
External ID
external_id__v

External ID
external_id__v
-	-
Multi-Component Project
multicomponent_project__c

Multi-Component Project
multicomponent_project__c
-	-
Promotional Material Document Type
promotional_material_document_type__v

Promotional Material Document Type
promotional_material_document_type__v
-	-
Survey
crm_survey__v

Survey
crm_survey__v
-	-
PCI Expiration Date
pci_expiration_date__c

PCI Expiration Date
pci_expiration_date__c
-	-
Embedded Labeling (No longer used)
embedded_labeling__c

Embedded Labeling (No longer used)
embedded_labeling__c
-	-
PCI Type
pci_type__c

PCI Type
pci_type__c
-	-
Major Statement Number
major_statement_number__c

Major Statement Number
major_statement_number__c
-	-
Originator / Source
originator_source__c

Originator / Source
originator_source__c
-	-
Geography
geography__c

Geography
geography__c
-	-
zTEST Country Product Indication
ztest_country_product_indication__c

zTEST Country Product Indication
ztest_country_product_indication__c
-	-
Secondary Language
secondary_language__c

Secondary Language
secondary_language__c
-	-
FDA Submission Audience
fda_submission_audience__c

FDA Submission Audience
fda_submission_audience__c
-	-
Reg Advisor Reason for R&R
reg_advisor_reason_for_rr__c

Reg Advisor Reason for R&R
reg_advisor_reason_for_rr__c
-	-
Professional / Consumer
professional_consumer__v

Professional / Consumer
professional_consumer__v
-	-
Source Document Name
source_document_name__v

Source Document Name
source_document_name__v
-	-
Primary Sub Category
primary_sub_category__c

Primary Sub Category
primary_sub_category__c
-	-
Requested Advisory Comment Submit Date
requested_advisory_comment_submit_date__c

Requested Advisory Comment Submit Date
requested_advisory_comment_submit_date__c
-	-
Duration of Usage Rights
duration_of_usage_rights__c

Duration of Usage Rights
duration_of_usage_rights__c
-	-
Post-MLR Reapproval Due Date
postmlr_reapproval_due_date__c

Post-MLR Reapproval Due Date
postmlr_reapproval_due_date__c
-	-
Other Approval Required
other_approval_required__c

Other Approval Required
other_approval_required__c
-	-
Password Protected
password_protected__c

Password Protected
password_protected__c
-	-
Annotation (All)
annotations_all__v

Annotation (All)
annotations_all__v
-	-
Usage Rights Start Date
start_date__c

Usage Rights Start Date
start_date__c
-	-
Email Supporting Document
email_supporting_document__c

Email Supporting Document
email_supporting_document__c
-	-
Binder Retired Date
binder_retired_date__c

Binder Retired Date
binder_retired_date__c
-	-
Dosage
dosage__v

Dosage
dosage__v
-	-
Medical Device Classification
medical_device_classification__c

Medical Device Classification
medical_device_classification__c
-	-
Latest Source Major Version
latest_source_major_version__v

Latest Source Major Version
latest_source_major_version__v
-	-
Source Vault Link
source_vault_link__v

Source Vault Link
source_vault_link__v
-	-
Attribution to Content Provider
attribution_to_content_provider__c

Attribution to Content Provider
attribution_to_content_provider__c
-	-
Mail - All Addresses Short Description
mail_all_addresses_short_description__c

Mail - All Addresses Short Description
mail_all_addresses_short_description__c
-	-
Retention Date
retention_date__c

Retention Date
retention_date__c
-	-
Final disposition of consumer data
final_disposition_of_consumer_data__c

Final disposition of consumer data
final_disposition_of_consumer_data__c
-	-
Binder Approval Date
binder_approval_date__c

Binder Approval Date
binder_approval_date__c
-	-
Speaker/Advisor Ref #
speakeradvisor_ref__c

Speaker/Advisor Ref #
speakeradvisor_ref__c
-	-
Cost per Item
cost_per_item__c

Cost per Item
cost_per_item__c
-	-
Event Type
crm_event_type__v

Event Type
crm_event_type__v
-	-
Claims
related_claims__v

Claims
related_claims__v
-	-
Bound Source Minor Version
bound_source_minor_version__v

Bound Source Minor Version
bound_source_minor_version__v
-	-
Global ID
global_id__sys

Global ID
global_id__sys
-	-
Material Type
material_type__v

Material Type
material_type__v
-	-
Portal
portal__v

Portal
portal__v
-	-
Approved for all products?
approved_for_all_products__c

Approved for all products?
approved_for_all_products__c
-	-
Document Link
link__sys

Document Link
link__sys
-	-
Source Binding Rule
source_binding_rule__v

Source Binding Rule
source_binding_rule__v
-	-
Enable Survey Overlay
crm_enable_survey_overlay__v

Enable Survey Overlay
crm_enable_survey_overlay__v
-	-
Geographical Exclusions
geographical_restrictions__c

Geographical Exclusions
geographical_restrictions__c
-	-
Lilly Distribution Location 
lilly_distribution_location__c

Lilly Distribution Location
lilly_distribution_location__c
-	-
Withdrawal Explanation
withdrawal_explanation__c

Withdrawal Explanation
withdrawal_explanation__c
-	-
Shared Resource
crm_shared_resource__v

Shared Resource
crm_shared_resource__v
-	-
Source Content Module
source_content_module__v

Source Content Module
source_content_module__v
-	-
Requesting Department
requesting_department__c

Requesting Department
requesting_department__c
-	-
Indication
indication__v

Indication
indication__v
-	-
Email Short Description
email_short_description__c

Email Short Description
email_short_description__c
-	-
Indication
indication2__c

Indication
indication2__c
-	-
Type
type__v

Type
type__v
-	-
Tags
tags__v

Tags
tags__v
-	-
Seeking Advisory Comments
seeking_advisory_comments__c

Seeking Advisory Comments
seeking_advisory_comments__c
-	-
Media
media__vs

Media
media__vs
-	-
Variation Count
variation_count__c

Variation Count
variation_count__c
-	-
Licensor/owner
licensorimage_owner__c

Licensor/owner
licensorimage_owner__c
-	-
Requesting Business Area
requesting_business_area__c

Requesting Business Area
requesting_business_area__c
-	-
Variation Approval Date
variation_approval_date__c

Variation Approval Date
variation_approval_date__c
-	-
Origination or Derivative
origination_or_derivative__c

Origination or Derivative
origination_or_derivative__c
-	-
Admin Date
admin_date__c

Admin Date
admin_date__c
-	-
Last Modified By
last_modified_by__v

Last Modified By
last_modified_by__v
-	-
IBU CF ID
ibu_cf_id__c

IBU CF ID
ibu_cf_id__c
-	-
Profiling Opt-Out Short Description
profiling_optout_short_description__c

Profiling Opt-Out Short Description
profiling_optout_short_description__c
-	-
Binder
binder__v

Binder
binder__v
-	-
Author
file_meta_author__v

Author
file_meta_author__v
-	-
Expedite Release
expedite_release__c

Expedite Release
expedite_release__c
-	-
Number of Reproductions
number_of_reproductions__c

Number of Reproductions
number_of_reproductions__c
-	-
Created By
created_by__v

Created By
created_by__v
-	-
Destruction Date
destruction_date__c

Destruction Date
destruction_date__c
-	-
Retirement Reason
reason_for_retirement__c

Retirement Reason
reason_for_retirement__c
-	-
Website
website__v

Website
website__v
-	-
Format
format__v

Format
format__v
-	-
Physical Proof Due Date
physical_proof_due_date__c

Physical Proof Due Date
physical_proof_due_date__c
-	-
Major Version Number
major_version_number__v

Major Version Number
major_version_number__v
-	-
Created From
binder_created_from__v

Created From
binder_created_from__v
-	-
Publish Name Opt-Out Short Description
publish_name_optout_short_description__c

Publish Name Opt-Out Short Description
publish_name_optout_short_description__c
-	-
Asset Created By
created_by__c

Asset Created By
created_by__c
-	-
Regulatory Submission Required
regulatory_submission_required__c

Regulatory Submission Required
regulatory_submission_required__c
-	-
Sub-Region
subregion__c

Sub-Region
subregion__c
-	-
Retirement Date
retirement_date__c

Retirement Date
retirement_date__c
-	-
ScopeDeliver TacticID
scopedeliver_tacticid1__c

ScopeDeliver TacticID
scopedeliver_tacticid1__c
-	-
Notice Language?
notice_language__c

Notice Language?
notice_language__c
-	-
Last Expired Date
last_expired_date__c

Last Expired Date
last_expired_date__c
-	-
Actual Date of First Use
actual_date_of_first_use__c

Actual Date of First Use
actual_date_of_first_use__c
-	-
Global Version ID
global_version_id__sys

Global Version ID
global_version_id__sys
-	-
Gender
gender__c

Gender
gender__c
-	-
Source Document ID
source_document_id__v

Source Document ID
source_document_id__v
-	-
Training Category
training_category__c

Training Category
training_category__c
-	-
Consumer Health Fair Approval
consumer_health_fair_approval__c

Consumer Health Fair Approval
consumer_health_fair_approval__c
-	-
Advisory Comment Submit Date
advisory_comment_submit_date__c

Advisory Comment Submit Date
advisory_comment_submit_date__c
-	-
Agency
agency__c

Agency
agency__c
-	-
Hidden
crm_hidden__v

Hidden
crm_hidden__v
-	-
Alignment Requirements
alignment_requirements__c

Alignment Requirements
alignment_requirements__c
-	-
Restricted Component
restricted_component__c

Restricted Component
restricted_component__c
-	-
MLRO Approval Due Date
mlro_approval_due_date__c

MLRO Approval Due Date
mlro_approval_due_date__c
-	-
Page Numbers
page_numbers__c

Page Numbers
page_numbers__c
-	-
Responsible Party
responsible_party__c

Responsible Party
responsible_party__c
-	-
Advisory Comment Submit Cycle Count
advisory_comment_submit_cycle_count__c

Advisory Comment Submit Cycle Count
advisory_comment_submit_cycle_count__c
-	-
Sub Coordinator Reason for R&R
sub_coordinator_reason_for_reject__c

Sub Coordinator Reason for R&R
sub_coordinator_reason_for_reject__c
-	-
Distribution Location
distribution_location__c

Distribution Location
distribution_location__c
-	-
Days in Review
days_in_review__v

Days in Review
days_in_review__v
-	-
Create Draft Date post AFD
create_draft_date_post_afd__c

Create Draft Date post AFD
create_draft_date_post_afd__c
-	-
Non-Product Claim Category
non_claim_category__c

Non-Product Claim Category
non_claim_category__c
-	-
Rights Expiration Date
rights_expiration_date__v

Rights Expiration Date
rights_expiration_date__v
-	-
Revision
revision__v

Revision
revision__v
-	-
MLR Review Category
risk_category__c

MLR Review Category
risk_category__c
-	-
Publish Name Short Description
publish_name_short_description__c

Publish Name Short Description
publish_name_short_description__c
-	-
Mail - All Addresses Opt-Out Short Descr
mail_all_addresses_optout_short_descr__c

Mail - All Addresses Opt-Out Short Descr
mail_all_addresses_optout_short_descr__c
-	-
Re-Order
reorder__c

Re-Order
reorder__c
-	-
Ext Desc
ext_desc__c

Ext Desc
ext_desc__c
-	-
Profiling Short Description
profiling_short_description__c

Profiling Short Description
profiling_short_description__c
-	-
Preprocessed
preprocessed__v

Preprocessed
preprocessed__v
-	-
Purpose
purpose__c

Purpose
purpose__c
-	-
Check Out Type
checkout_type__sys

Check Out Type
checkout_type__sys
-	-
Approval Path Count for Express
approval_path_count_for_express__c

Approval Path Count for Express
approval_path_count_for_express__c
-	-
Dissemination / Publication Date
dissemination_publication_date__v

Dissemination / Publication Date
dissemination_publication_date__v
-	-
One Time Use
one_time_use__c

One Time Use
one_time_use__c
-	-
Size
size__v

Size
size__v
-	-
Approval Path Last Record
approval_path_last_record__c

Approval Path Last Record
approval_path_last_record__c
-	-
Expedited
expedited__c

Expedited
expedited__c
-	-
Rights Countries
rights_countries__v

Rights Countries
rights_countries__v
-	-
Checksum
md5checksum__v

Checksum
md5checksum__v
-	-
Global Content Type
global_content_type__v

Global Content Type
global_content_type__v
-	-
Survey (old)
crm_survey1__v

Survey (old)
crm_survey1__v
-	-
GoLD Labeling Link
gold_labeling_link__c

GoLD Labeling Link
gold_labeling_link__c
-	-
Tactic contains/includes a Product Offer
tactic_containsincludes_a_product_offer1__c

Tactic contains/includes a Product Offer
tactic_containsincludes_a_product_offer1__c
-	-
Approval Path Count for Normal
approval_path_count_for_normal__c

Approval Path Count for Normal
approval_path_count_for_normal__c
-	-
Annotation (Resolved)
annotations_resolved__v

Annotation (Resolved)
annotations_resolved__v
-	-
Proofreader Return to Marketing
proofreader_return_to_marketing__c

Proofreader Return to Marketing
proofreader_return_to_marketing__c
-	-
Production Owner Org
production_owner_org__c

Production Owner Org
production_owner_org__c
-	-
Rendition Profile
rendition_profile__v

Rendition Profile
rendition_profile__v
-	-
Is this a template
is_this_a_template__c

Is this a template
is_this_a_template__c
-	-
Category
category__c

Category
category__c
-	-
